New versions of Altinn.App packages (#258)
Altinn/altinn-studio-docs: content/community/changelog/app-nuget/v4/whats-new/_index.en.md

toc: true
---

## 4.14.0 (2021-09-13) - Partial support for namespace XML
The code that deserializes XML has been updated to support namespace declaration in the root element.

Example:
```xml
<Skjema xmlns="urn:no:altinn:skjema:v1">
   <Navn>Altinn</Navn>
</Skjema>
```

> Deserialization occur when an external system use the app API to submit a new form, when they overwrite an existing form, and when an app retrieves a form from blob storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deserialization occurs when an external system uses the app API to submit a new form, when they overwrite an existing form, and when an app retrieves a form from blob storage.
```

> The change is not automatically used by all apps that update to this version. For the change to take properly effect the C# class that represent the model must be updated. The class needs to be decorated with an XmlRootAttribute with the Namespace property set to the correct namespace. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The change is not automatically used by all apps that update to this version. For the change to take properly effect the C# class that represents the model must be updated. The class needs to be decorated with an XmlRootAttribute with the Namespace property set to the correct namespace. 
```
